R30 Release Announcement (#722)
etn-ccis/blui-doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R30/FullNotes.mdx

import React from 'react';

## React Native Component Library

-   Updated Component Library with several changes by utilizing React Native Paper V5 with Material Design V3.
    -   Typography and IconWrapper have been removed.

>     -   5 new components have been added, namely [Chip](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/dev/docs/Chip.md), [Grade](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/dev/docs/Grade.md), [Icon](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/dev/docs/Icons.md#icon-as-a-component), [IconSwitch](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/dev/docs/IconSwitch.md) and [Overline](https://github.com/etn-ccis/blui-react-native-component-library/blob/dev/docs/Overline.md).

Reviewer: you can link to master branch for all the components here

Reviewer: @huayunh already mentioned this so ignore my comment but link out to component docs master...
https://brightlayer-ui-components.github.io/react-native/?path=/info/components-documentation--chip

    -   All previously introduced themed components have been removed.

## React Native Themes

-   Updated themes to use Material Design 3 styled palettes and React Native Paper v5 theme structure.
-   Added required custom color variants along with React Native Paper v5 default color variants.

## Colors

> -   Moved Branding colors under @brightlayer-ui/colors package.
> -   Updated UI colors and Branding colors according to new Material Design 3.
> -   Removed dependency of @brightlayer-ui/types and moved type in @brightlayer-ui/colors package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Updated UI colors to match Material Design 3's color palette structure.
-   Moved branding colors under @brightlayer-ui/colors.
-   Removed dependency on @brightlayer-ui/types.
```
